# open-source-final
A open source library for the my project for my PROG 450A class with a GPL-3.0 license.

This project utilizes the NewtonSoft.Json library for JSON deserialization. NewtonSoft.Json is licensed under the MIT license therefore as long as the provided license is provided. This project also consumes calls to the PokiAPI API which is licensed under fair use as per: https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2#fairuse. Since this project uses dependency utilize permissive licenses, I can choose whatever license I feel best aligns with the goals of my project, even if it less permissive. All code provided in the project that is not licensed under the NewtonSoft.Json MIT license is licensed under the GPL-3.0 license. The GPL-3.0 license was chosen because I intend all uses of this project to remain open source. If the project were to also be released under a permissive license such as MIT, it would mean if the provided license and copyright were provided in the source code it could be used in proprietary projects and other projects that are not open source. The GPL-3.0 license is copyleft, meaning it requires all modified and extended versions of the program to remain free. This means that all derivatives of this project must publish its source code and must publish it under the GPL-3.0 license. Due to all dependencies of the software are more permissive than the new GPL-3.0 license software they do not violate the terms of the GPL-3.0 lisences and therefore are compatible with the GPL-3.0 license and the software is now licensed under the GPL-3.0 license because it is less permissive. 
